PREVIOUSLY ON PRETTY
LITTLE LIARS...
HANNA, WE HAVE
TO MAKE SOME ADJUSTMENTS.
THIS IS
A ONE-PAYCHECK FAMILY,
AND WE CAN NO LONGER LIVE
A TWO-PAYCHECK LIFE.
I LOVE THIS SONG.
B-26.
( thunder crashes )
IT WAS ONE KISS!
LISTEN TO ME, ALISON.
OR WHAT?
IF YOU SAY ONE WORD
TO MY SISTER
ABOUT IAN,
I WILL TELL EVERYONE THE TRUTH
ABOUT THE JENNA THING.
IAN? WAIT,
MELISSA'S IAN?
( shutter clicking )
WHERE ARE THE PICTURES?
I'M TRYING TO FIND A WAY
TO TELL YOU ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED LAST SUMMER.
TOBY, YOU'RE
SCARING ME.
EMILY, WAIT!
( sirens blaring )
SO, WHERE'S TOBY NOW?
WE DON'T KNOW.
LOOKS LIKE HE HANDED HER OVER
TO A NURSE AND RAN OFF.
Spencer: TOBY CALLED ALISON
THE NIGHT SHE DIED?
HE DID, OR SOMEBODY ELSE DID
USING HIS PHONE.
Hanna: SO, IS TOBY DEAD?
Emily: I COULDN'T BRING
MYSELF TO ASK.
"THANKS FOR GETTING TOBY
OUT OF MY WAY. - 'A'"
¶¶
OKAY, I NEED TO ASK
YOU GUYS SOMETHING,
AND I NEED YOU TO BE
TOTALLY HONEST WITH ME.
Spencer:
OF COURSE.
IS THIS SIDE OF MY FACE
FATTER THAN THIS SIDE?
NO.
IS THAT IAN?
Emily: YEAH. I HEAR HE'S
THE NEW FIELD HOCKEY COACH.
DOES MELISSA
KNOW HE'S BACK?
I DON'T KNOW WHY
SHE EVER BROKE UP
WITH HIM.
SHE DIDN'T.
HE BROKE UP WITH HER.
HEY. THE FIRST ONE'S
FOR MY BESTIE,
AND ONE FOR EACH
OF YOU,
MY BESTIE'S
OTHER FRIENDS.
OH, UH...
WHAT'S THIS?
OH, NOTHING.
ONLY AN INVITATION
TO THE MOST AWESOME
BIRTHDAY PARTY EVER--
CAMP MONA.
CAMP MONA?
DON'T LET THE CAMPING
PART SCARE YOU.
IT'S "GLAMPING,"
NOT CAMPING.
"M" IS FOR MONA
AND MASSAGES,
NOT MOSQUITOES.
OH, NAOMI, RILEY!
HEY, WAIT UP!
WHY IS MONA INVITING US
TO HER BIRTHDAY PARTY?
SHE KNOWS THAT
WE'RE FRIENDS AGAIN,
AND SHE'S JUST TRYING
TO REACH OUT TO YOU.
SHE'S TRYING TO BE NICE.
SO, ARE YOU GONNA GO?
I KNOW SHE'S
YOUR FRIEND, BUT...
Aria: I'M GONNA
HAVE TO PASS.
I'VE GOT THIS...
I GOT A LOT OF STUFF
TO DO THIS WEEKEND.
ME TOO.
( ringtones playing )
"CAMP MONA'S A SCAVENGER
HUNT AND I'M THE PRIZE."
"COME AND FIND ME,
BITCHES."
All: "A."
The Pierces:
¶ GOT A SECRET ¶
¶ CAN YOU KEEP IT? ¶
¶ SWEAR THIS ONE YOU'LL SAVE ¶
¶ BETTER LOCK IT
IN YOUR POCKET ¶
¶ TAKING THIS ONE
TO THE GRAVE ¶
¶ IF I SHOW YOU
THEN I KNOW YOU ¶
¶ WON'T TELL WHAT I SAID ¶
¶ 'CAUSE TWO
CAN KEEP A SECRET ¶
¶ IF ONE OF THEM IS DEAD ¶
TALK TO A REPRESENTATIVE.
( over-enunciating )
UGH! SCREW YOU!
IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
UH, YEAH.
CAN I HELP?
I'M HANDLING IT.
( doorbell rings )
( redial tones beeping )
( ringing )
YOU HAVE REACHED
THE A-1 MORTGAGE COMPANY'S
DEPARTMENT OF DELINQUENT
ACCOUNTS AND FORECLOSURES.
PLEASE SELECT
FROM THE FOLLOWING MENU...
IT'S THE BIRTHDAY GIRL!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
HI.
THE BIRTHDAY GIRL
WANTS TO BE SHOPPING
THE SECOND THE STORES OPEN
AND HAVE LUNCH AT RIVE GAUCHE.
EXCUSE ME?
DID I SAY LUNCH? MY BAD.
IT'S DINNER AT RIVE GAUCHE.
AFTER SCHOOL.
MONA.
MRS. M.
I'M SERIOUS.
ME TOO.
OKAY, SO, SHOULD WE MEET
AFTER FIRST PERIOD
OR JUST BAIL
ON SCHOOL COMPLETELY?
NO, YOU HEARD MY MOM.
I CAN'T DITCH.
YEAH, SO? I DON'T SEE
A LOCATOR BRACELET
ON THAT ANKLE.
LOOK, MONA, I REALLY
WANT TO GO WITH YOU--
HANNA, DO YOU WANT
TO BE MY FRIEND OR NOT?
BECAUSE LATELY I'M FEELING
LIKE YOU'RE EVERYBODY'S
FRIEND BUT MINE.
YOU'RE EITHER WITH SEAN
OR SHIM OR THE OTHERS.
THIS IS OUR SPECIAL DAY,
AND IF YOU SCREW IT UP
I'M NOT TURNING
THE OTHER CHEEK.
IF YOU DISAPPOINT ME,
I'M GOING ROGUE.
MONA, COME ON, YOU KNOW
THAT I'M YOUR FRIEND
AND I TOTALLY WANT
TO CELEBRATE WITH YOU,
IT'S JUST... THINGS HAVE
JUST BEEN A LITTLE TIGHT
AROUND HERE.
EVER SINCE MY DAD LEFT,
IT REALLY HASN'T BEEN
THAT EASY TO--
HANNA.
I COMPLETELY FORGOT.
I'M GONNA BE WORKING LATE
TONIGHT, SO...
THIS SHOULD
COVER DINNER, RIGHT?
NO, MOM, I REALLY
DON'T NEED THAT.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MONA.
DON'T FORGET TO LOCK UP.
OOH, BEN FRANKLIN. SCORE.
OH, UM, I WAS GONNA
DO THE LAUNDRY TONIGHT.
THIS PLACE IS
OUT OF CONTROL.
YEAH, WELL, I GUESS WE'RE
ALL GONNA HAVE TO PITCH IN
A LITTLE BIT MORE
AROUND HERE.
MAYBE WE COULD
TAKE TURNS.
WE EACH CHOOSE
A NIGHT TO, UH, COOK
AND THEN DO THE LAUNDRY
AND THEN PAY THE BILLS
AND THEN HELP YOUR BROTHER
WITH HIS HOMEWORK.
AND THEN FIND TIME
TO GRADE PAPERS
AND WRITE LECTURES
AND GO TO PTA MEETINGS.
DAD, HOW MUCH COFFEE
HAVE YOU HAD?
( sighs )
ARE YOU STILL HAVING LUNCH
WITH YOUR MOM TOMORROW?
YEAH.
AT THE GRILL?
YEP.
WHAT DO YOU THINK SHE WOULD
DO IF I WERE TO COME ALONG?
UM, I DON'T KNOW.
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST CALL HER AND ASK?
DAD, NO. THAT'S DIRTY.
( sighs )
WHAT'S STOPPING YOU?
SHE ASKED ME
FOR SPACE.
SHE MOVED OUT.
HOW MUCH MORE SPACE
DOES SHE NEED?
GOOD MORNING.
JUICE?
WHY ARE YOU BEING
NICE TO ME?
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
IAN WAS BACK?
BECAUSE NORMAL FOR US
IS NOT SPEAKING.
HE TOLD ME HE SAW YOU
AT ALISON'S MEMORIAL.
WELL, WE DIDN'T TALK.
HE ASKED ME OUT
FOR COFFEE.
THAT'S GOOD, RIGHT?
IAN BROKE MY HEART,
SPENCER,
AND I'M STILL
GETTING OVER WREN,
SO I SAID NO.
I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT WREN, MELISSA.
I REALLY AM.
YEAH.
UH, NO. HERE.
LET ME SHOW YOU.
AHEM. OKAY.
LIKE THIS.
OKAY?
MM-HMM.
DID YOU LIKE THAT?
MAYBE.
AHEM.
WELL, UH...
I'LL SEE YOU
ON THE FIELD, OKAY?
OKAY.
OKAY, GROSS.
WHAT DID YOU SEE?
ENOUGH TO MAKE ME
WANT TO PUKE.
HE'S YOUR
SISTER'S BOYFRIEND,
AND HE'S, LIKE, OLD.
WELL, IT WAS NOTHING.
JUST FORGET IT, OKAY?
IT LOOKED LIKE
YOU WERE INTO IT.
WELL, I WASN'T.
I HOPE NOT,
BECAUSE IF WERE WERE,
THAT WOULD MAKE YOU A SKANK.
THAT WOULD MAKE YOU
A SKANK.
( period bell rings )
IT'S A BUMMER CAMP MONA'S
A GIRLS-ONLY PARTY.
I WAS HOPING TO SEE
YOU THIS WEEKEND.
YEAH, WELL,
THERE'S SUNDAY.
WE COULD...
LAY AROUND BEING LAZY TOGETHER
WATCHING OLD MOVIES ALL DAY?
I LOVE THAT.
THEN IT'S A DATE.
READY TO GO?
OH, WE GOTTA
TALK TO COACH.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
HOW'S MY TANK? UHH!
HE PLAYS
FOOTBALL, RIGHT?
HE'S ACTUALLY
REALLY SMART...
AND HE'S FUNNY
AND HE LOVES OLD MOVIES...
YOU DON'T OWE ME
AN EXPLANATION, ARIA.
YOU'RE ENTITLED
TO BE WITH
WHOEVER YOU WANT
TO BE WITH.
SEE YOU IN CLASS.
YEAH.
WHAT COULD THEY
HAVE FOUND?
I DON'T KNOW.
HEY, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
THE COPS ARE HERE.
I HEARD THEY FOUND
SOMETHING OF ALISON'S.
P.A.: SPENCER HASTINGS,
ARIA MONTGOMERY,
EMILY FIELDS, HANNA...
HANNA MARIN.
PLEASE COME TO THE OFFICE.
( vibrates )
SORRY TO KEEP YOU WAITING.
I'M AGENT COOPER.
FBI?
THIS IS MY PARTNER,
AGENT RANDALL,
AND WE'RE HERE BECAUSE
THE BUREAU WAS ASKED
BY THE LOCAL AUTHORITIES
TO ASSIST IN THE INVESTIGATION
OF ALISON Di LAURENTIS' MURDER.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU
SOMETHING THAT WAS SENT
TO THE ROSEWOOD
POLICE DEPARTMENT
BY AN ANONYMOUS SOURCE.
THE FAMILY'S GIVEN ME PERMISSION
TO SHOW IT TO THE FOUR OF YOU.
WANNA SEE MORE?
I KNOW YOU WANT TO.
IF THE GIRLS KNEW
I WAS SEEING YOU,
OH, MY GOD, THEY WOULD NOT
STOP TALKING ABOUT IT.
I WISH THEY
WERE MORE MATURE, BUT...
WE DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF TIME.
I HAVE TO GET BACK
BEFORE THEY WAKE UP.
I KNOW YOU WANT TO KISS ME.
IS THERE ANYTHING
YOU CAN TELL ME
ABOUT WHAT YOU SEE?
THEY'RE AT
THE KISSING ROCK.
IT'S IN THE WOODS
BEHIND THE LAKE.
I-I THINK THIS WAS TAKEN
THE NIGHT ALISON DISAPPEARED.
SHE WAS WEARING
THAT YELLOW TOP.
Hanna: WAIT, THAT'S
NOT HER SWEATER.
ARE YOU SURE?
ASK ME WHAT'S IN EACH ONE
OF OUR CLOSETS,
AND I'LL GIVE YOU
AN ITEMIZED LIST.
I KNOW CLOTHES.
I THINK SHE'S TALKING
TO THE OLDER BOY.
SO-CALLED, UH,
MYSTERY BOYFRIEND?
ALISON DIDN'T WANT US
TO KNOW WHO HE WAS.
WAS HE AN OLDER
HIGH SCHOOL BOY?
SHE ONLY TOLD ME ENOUGH
TO MAKE IT A SECRET.
HUH. ALISON LIKED
SECRETS, HUH?
SHE THOUGHT
SHARING SECRETS KEPT US CLOSE.
THEY DO,
BUT SECRETS ARE MADE
TO BE FOUND OUT
WITH TIME.
I KNOW YOU WANT TO KISS ME.
I'M TRYING
TO REFINANCE,
BUT THE HOUSE ISN'T WORTH
AS MUCH AS IT WAS
WHEN I BOUGHT OUT
MY EX.
I JUST NEED
ANOTHER EXTENSION.
I'M SORRY,
BUT YOUR REQUEST IS DENIED.
PLEASE. I'M--
I'M BEGGING YOU.
I'M SORRY, BUT THE ANSWER
IS STILL NO.
OKAY.
HAVE A NICE DAY.
( intercom buzzes )
Woman: MRS. POTTER IS HERE,
AND SHE'D LIKE TO VISIT
HER SAFE-DEPOSIT BOX.
( sighs ) EVERY YEAR,
LIKE CLOCKWORK.
THANK YOU.
MRS. POTTER,
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M OLD.
LET ME GET MY KEY.
MY SISTER DIED.
I'M SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
OH... HERE IT IS.
I'M THE LAST POTTER.
WHEN I GO, THAT'S
THE END OF THE LINE.
ARE YOU READY?
HEY.
HEARD YOU GOT CALLED
DOWN TO THE OFFICE.
EVERYTHING OKAY?
YEAH. THERE'S A WOMAN
IN TOWN FROM THE FBI,
AND SHE JUST HAD
A FEW QUESTIONS ABOUT ALISON.
WHAT'S THIS?
I DON'T KNOW.
"A" WANTS YOU
TO READ PAGE 22.
IT'S A POEM
BY EZRA FITZ.
"B-26.
IT'S A NUMBER.
IT'S A SONG.
IT'S A GIRL..."
CAN I HAVE THAT?
SURE.
HAVE A NICE DAY,
THEN.
TAKE CARE.
OH... ARE THOSE BUTTERSCOTCH?
HELP YOURSELF.
THANK YOU.
RIGHT, SEE YA
NEXT YEAR.
UH, YOU DON'T KNOW ME,
BUT I'M IN YOUR FOURTH-PERIOD
SOCIAL STUDIES CLASS.
OKAY.
COULD YOU GIVE ME THE NAME
OF YOUR LIPOSUCTION DOCTOR?
UH, SURE.
IF I HAD ONE.
( chattering )
GOD, THIS DAY JUST
KEEPS GETTING WEIRDER.
I'M SORRY ABOUT LUNCH.
DID YOU GET MY TEXT?
I GOT YOUR TEXT, AND THEN
I GOT A TEXT FROM "A,"
WHOEVER THAT IS, CLUING
ME INTO THE REAL REASON
YOU GOT SKINNY LAST SUMMER.
"A" SENT YOU A TEXT?
I WAS EATING
THREE ALMONDS A DAY,
AND YOU WERE
GETTING LIPOSUCTION?
NO, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I BOUGHT NAOMI AND RILEY
MATCHING PAJAMAS
FOR MY PARTY.
I WAS GONNA PICK UP
A PAIR FOR YOU,
BUT THEN I REMEMBERED
YOU'RE NOT COMING.
OF COURSE I'M COMING.
COME ON,
YOU KNOW I'D NEVER
MISS YOUR BIRTHDAY.
IT'S INVITE-ONLY, HANNA,
AND YOU'RE UNINVITED.
MONA, YOU'RE
MY BEST FRIEND.
WE WERE BEST FRIENDS.
NOW YOU'RE JUST SOMEBODY
I USED TO HANG OUT WITH.
IT'S NOT LIKE I DIDN'T
GIVE YOU A WARNING.
HANNA, MONA...
RIP CORD.
NAOMI, RILEY.
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
UM, "A" SENT
MONA A TEXT,
AND I THINK SHE JUST
BROKE UP WITH ME.
"A" SENT
MONA A TEXT?
I'M SO OVER
THAT BITCH.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WERE STILL CLOSE.
NOT MONA. "A."
WHAT DID IT SAY?
IT DOESN'T REALLY MATTER.
IT'S ALL LIES.
HANNA, I'M SO SORRY.
I KNOW THAT MONA'S
REALLY IMPORTANT TO YOU.
SHE WAS MY FRIEND
WHEN YOU GUYS WEREN'T.
WELL, WE'RE HERE NOW,
SO IF YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO THE PARTY,
THEN WE'RE NOT
GOING EITHER.
NO.
NO! NO, YOU'RE GOING
ON THAT SCAVENGER HUNT,
AND I'M GOING TOO.
"A" MIGHT BE PLAYING GAMES,
BUT I'M NOT.
¶ STILL TOO YOUNG
TO FAIL ¶
¶ TOO SCARED
TO SAIL AWAY ¶
¶ ONE OF THESE DAYS ¶
¶ I'LL GROW OLD
AND I'LL GROW BRAVE ¶
¶ AND I'LL GO ¶
¶ ONE OF THESE DAYS ¶
I READ YOUR POEM.
"B-26"?
HOW COULD YOU?!
HOW COULD YOU
WRITE THESE WORDS
AND FEEL
THESE FEELINGS
BUT GIVE UP
ON US SO EASILY?
I-I NEVER INTENDED
FOR YOU TO READ THAT.
YOU LET ME BELIEVE
THAT YOU DIDN'T LOVE ME.
I THOUGHT I WAS DOING
THE RIGHT THING.
FOR YOU. NOT FOR ME.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
OH, ARE WE GONNA TALK
ABOUT TRUTH NOW?
WHAT, TODAY'S TRUTH
OR YESTERDAY'S
OR LAST WEEK'S?
BECAUSE, HONESTLY,
I DON'T KNOW
WHICH OF YOUR STORIES
TO BELIEVE ANYMORE.
THE, UH, "I THOUGHT
ABOUT YOU EVERY SECOND
I WAS GONE" STORY,
OR THE ONES THAT END
WITH "I'M OUTTA HERE"?
BUT IT WASN'T MY AGE
THAT RUINED US, EZRA.
YOU DID.
ARIA, PLEASE.
NO. I'VE MOVED ON.
YOU SHOULD, TOO.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
NOTHING.
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY
NOTHING GOING ON HERE.
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU'D LIKE TO SAY TO ME?
( knocks )
IAN?
AM I ALLOWED IN?
WHAT PART OF ME
NOT RETURNING YOUR CALLS
DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND?
LOOK, I KNOW YOU
DON'T WANT TO SEE ME,
AND I DON'T BLAME YOU.
YOU BROKE UP WITH ME,
REMEMBER?
I JUST WANNA
TAKE YOU OUT FOR COFFEE.
( scoffs )
YOU GUYS ARE
GOING CAMPING? CUTE.
WAIT.
HEY. HEY.
WHAT?
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
AND YOU'RE SUDDENLY
LOOKING OUT FOR ME BECAUSE...
I DON'T KNOW
WHEN THIS WAR
BETWEEN US GOT
STARTED, MELISSA,
BUT CAN'T IT
JUST BE OVER?
I'M ONLY 16,
AND I'M TIRED.
IS THIS YOU TRYING TO FIX
WHAT YOU BROKE WITH WREN?
NO. JUST TRYING
TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
( sighs )
COFFEE.
THAT'S IT.
OKAY.
SINCE WHEN ARE YOU MENDING
MELISSA'S RELATIONSHIPS?
I KIND OF OWE
IT TO HER.
WHAT'S SHE EVER
DONE FOR YOU?
IT'S MORE ABOUT
WHAT DID I DO TO HER.
I'M THE REASON
SHE AND WREN BROKE UP.
WE HAD A MOMENT, AND...
MELISSA SAW US.
A MOMENT?
YEAH, IT GETS WORSE.
YEAH, MELISSA
DOESN'T KNOW THIS PART.
I ALSO HAD A MOMENT
WITH IAN.
SHUT UP!
IT WAS EARLY IN THE SUMMER
BEFORE ALISON WENT MISSING.
IT WAS JUST ONE KISS,
BUT AFTER THEY BROKE UP
WE STARTED SEEING EACH OTHER.
I FEEL LIKE THE POSTER CHILD
FOR POOR JUDGMENT.
YOU COULD'VE
TOLD US, SPENCER.
REALLY? 'CAUSE ALI KNEW
ABOUT THE FIRST KISS,
AND SHE THOUGHT
I WAS AWFUL.
WELL, WE
ARE NOT ALI.
I SHOULD NOT
TELL MELISSA, RIGHT?
All: ( scoff ) RIGHT.
SPENCE, TURN
THE TV UP.
AUTHORITIES SEARCHED
THE FAMILY HOME EARLIER TODAY,
AND INITIAL REPORTS HAVE
CONFIRMED THAT A BLOODSTAIN
ON THE SWEATER IS A MATCH
TO THE VICTIM'S.
IF YOU JUST TUNED IN,
POLICE HAVE ISSUED A WARRANT
FOR THE ARREST OF MISSING
ROSEWOOD TEEN TOBY CAVANAUGH.
HE IS WANTED FOR THE MURDER
OF ALISON Di LAURENTIS.
THAT SWEATER
IS TOBY'S!
NO, ALISON
WAS NOT DATING TOBY.
THERE'S NO WAY THAT
THAT'S THE GUY SHE'S
TALKING TO IN THE VIDEO.
ARIA, YOU SAW THE NEWS.
THEY HAVE PROOF.
Spencer: IF IT'S TOBY'S SWEATER,
THAN HE HAS TO BE THE BOY
AT THE KISSING ROCK.
IS IT FINALLY OVER?
NO. TOBY'S BEEN
MISSING FOR WEEKS.
IT WON'T BE OVER
UNTIL HE'S
BEHIND BARS.
HOW COULD I BE SO WRONG
ABOUT SOMEONE?
I THINK
THE TOBY YOU KNEW
WASN'T THE TOBY
THAT KILLED ALISON.
WE ALL HAVE
A DARK SIDE.
SHE JUST BROUGHT
HIS TO THE SURFACE.
ALISON WENT MISSING
RIGHT AFTER MY DAD LEFT,
AND I ALWAYS HOPED
THAT WHEN HE CAME BACK
I'D FEEL SAFE AGAIN.
YOU WILL.
( phone rings )
CAN YOU GET THAT?
I THINK IT'S MY MOM.
YOU REALLY WANT HER
TO KNOW WE'RE TOGETHER?
SHE CAN KNOW
WE'RE TOGETHER
WITHOUT KNOWING
WE'RE... TOGETHER.
( chuckles )
EMILY'S PHONE.
HELLO?
( sighs )
IS SOMEBODY THERE?
I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING.
HELLO?
( door opens )
MOM?
HELLO?
( footsteps )
( laughing )
DAD!
THERE SHE IS!
UH, MAYA?
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT
SHE HAD COMPANY.
UM, DAD, THIS IS
MY FRIEND MAYA.
HI!
EMILY'S TALKED
SO MUCH ABOUT YOU.
I'M REALLY HAPPY
TO MEET YOU.
IT'S GOOD TO MEET
YOU TOO, MAYA.
OH, GOD.
LOOK AT YOU.
I THINK WE'RE READY FOR
SOME FAMILY TIME HERE,
SO, UH, MAYA?
OH, UM. SURE.
I'LL, UH, I'LL
CALL YOU LATER.
OKAY.
SO, I HAVE ALL THE FIXINGS
FOR YOUR FAVORITE MEAL,
AND THAT'S A GOOD THING,
BECAUSE BAKED POTATOES
ARE MAKING A COMEBACK.
COME HERE, MY GIRLS.
ALISON, SHE CONVINCED
US THAT SHE HATED TOBY,
AND I TOTALLY
BELIEVED HER.
AH. GUESS SHE WAS
JUST PLAYING A GAME.
PEOPLE AREN'T DOLLS.
YOU CAN'T JUST
PLAY WITH THEM
AND THEN PUT THEM
BACK IN THE BOX.
YOU'VE BEEN PAINTING.
YEAH. FOR YEARS,
I COULDN'T FIND
THE INSPIRATION
TO GET BACK TO IT.
LITTLE DID I KNOW
THAT ALL I NEEDED
WAS SOME LIES
AND INFIDELITY
TO LIGHT THAT FIRE.
DO YOU BLAME ME
FOR KEEPING THAT SECRET?
I WISH YOU
WOULD'VE TOLD ME,
BUT I DON'T
BLAME YOU.
I THOUGHT I WAS
PROTECTING YOU.
I KNOW.
I FEEL THAT I MADE
A REALLY BIG MISTAKE, AND...
I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE HEARING ME
WHEN I SAY
I'M REALLY SORRY.
I HEAR YOU, BABY.
BUT NO MORE SECRETS,
OKAY?
NO MORE SECRETS.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING
THE NEWS.
ARE YOU OKAY WITH ALL
THIS STUFF YOU'RE HEARING?
I KNOW IT'S SUPPOSED
TO FEEL LIKE CLOSURE,
BUT I ONLY HAVE
MORE QUESTIONS.
YOUR MOM TOLD ME
ABOUT HOMECOMING.
TOBY CAVANAUGH?
IS HE THE REASON YOU
BROKE UP WITH BEN?
HE'S JUST A FRIEND.
A GOOD FRIEND, ACTUALLY.
EMMY,
HE'S DANGEROUS.
YOU KNOW THAT
NOW, RIGHT?
I GUESS.
I JUST DON'T
UNDERSTAND IT.
THE ONLY THING
THAT TOBY CAN GIVE
ALISON'S FRIENDS
AND HER FAMILY NOW IS THE TRUTH.
THERE'S AN HONOR
TO BEING TRUTHFUL.
IT COULD SET
THAT BOY FREE.
BUT WHAT IF WE'RE
NOT READY FOR THE TRUTH?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
MAYBE IT'LL BE
TOO HARD TO HEAR.
EMMY, YOU KNOW IT'S ALWAYS
BETTER TO BE HONEST
THAN TO TELL A LIE.
DAD...
I MISSED YOU
SO MUCH.
ME TOO, BABY. ME TOO.
( knocking )
KNOCK, KNOCK.
I ACTUALLY HAD
A GOOD TIME WITH IAN.
WOW. I WILL CALL TMZ.
I WAS THINKING ABOUT
WHAT YOU SAID EARLIER,
ABOUT BEING TIRED.
YOU AND I HATING EACH OTHER
HAS BECOME A LOT OF WORK.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT
WE HATED EACH OTHER.
I JUST-- I THOUGHT WE
DIDN'T LIKE EACH OTHER.
( simpers )
YOU'VE SEEN THE NEWS, RIGHT?
YEP.
ALISON FOOLED US ALL,
DIDN'T SHE?
I REMEMBER HER CONSTANTLY
TRASHING THAT KID,
AND THE WHOLE TIME
SHE WAS SEEING HIM.
WELL, ALI PLAYED A LOT
OF GAMES, MELISSA.
THAT'S PROBABLY
WHAT GOT HER KILLED.
¶ ASHES I LAID TO REST ¶
¶ THEY STILL HAVE
SOME LIFE IN THEM ¶
( song continues
over car stereo )
( gasps )
I WANT TO FINISH WHAT I STARTED
TO TELL YOU AT HOMECOMING.
SEPTEMBER 1st IS THE DAY
I ENDED IT WITH JENNA.
I FELT TERRIBLE
ABOUT WHAT WE WERE DOING,
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW
HOW TO STOP IT.
STAY THERE, OKAY?
PLEASE, IF YOU WANT
ME TO LISTEN,
JUST STAY THERE.
JENNA TOLD ME SHE'D
TELL PEOPLE THAT I FORCED
MYSELF ON HER.
SHE DIDN'T WANT
IT TO STOP.
JENNA WANTED
TO BE WITH YOU?
JENNA WAS IN LOVE WITH ME.
SHE'S STILL IN LOVE WITH ME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
THAT'S SO SWEET.
I SPECIFICALLY SAID
NO GIFTS, BUT LOOK AT THIS.
THIS IS AMAZING.
I'M NOT GONNA SAY NO.
OH, EXCUSE ME.
WELCOME TO CAMP MONA!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
OH, WHATEVER IT IS,
I'M SURE I'LL LOVE IT,
AND IF NOT,
I'LL RETURN IT.
SWAG!
OH... THANKS.
MM-HMM.
OH, IT'S, UM... SUBTLE.
OKAY, TOUR TIME.
SO, OVER HERE, WE HAVE
THE MASSAGE TENT,
THE MANI-PEDI AREA,
THE BLOW ME BAR,
AND THE MINI BAR.
( sighs ) EXCUSE ME.
UM, DID I JUST SEE YOU
EAT A COOKIE?
( scoffs )
I ASKED ALISON TO MEET ME
SO I COULD TELL HER
THAT SHE DID ME A FAVOR.
SHE GOT ME AWAY
FROM JENNA.
WHY WAS SHE
WEARING YOUR SWEATER,
AND WHY WOULD ALI MEET
YOU AT THE KISSING ROCK?
WE DIDN'T GO ANYWHERE.
WE MET RIGHT OUTSIDE
OF SPENCER'S BARN.
I GAVE HER MY SWEATER
BECAUSE IT WAS COLD.
WHEN I LEFT HER,
SHE WAS GETTING IN THE CAR
WITH SOME GUY,
STILL WEARING MY SWEATER.
SHE WAS VERY MUCH ALIVE.
YOU HAVE TO TELL
THE POLICE.
YOU SEE HOW IT LOOKS.
THEY'VE ALREADY
DECIDED I'M GUILTY.
( chatter )
IF I DON'T GO
TO THIS PARTY,
MY FRIENDS ARE GONNA KNOW
THAT SOMETHING'S WRONG.
I ONLY CAME BACK
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
BACK FROM WHERE?
I SPENT A YEAR
IN REFORM SCHOOL.
I'VE GOT FRIENDS
IN ALL THE WRONG PLACES...
AND MISERY LOVES COMPANY.
YOU CAN'T KEEP RUNNING.
I NEED TO GET AS FAR AWAY
FROM HERE AS I CAN NOW.
BUT IF YOU'RE INNOCENT--
IF? YOU THINK
I'M LYING?
I NEED YOU TO BELIEVE
ME, EMILY.
IT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
BUT I STILL HAVE
SO MANY QUESTIONS.
I LEFT MY STUFF
BEHIND THE CHURCH.
IF THERE'S ANY WAY
YOU CAN COME,
MY RIDE'S NOT PICKING
ME UP UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
IF YOU TELL YOUR FRIENDS,
YOU KNOW THEY'LL CALL THE COPS.
AND SO I SAID TO HER,
"IF YOU WERE INVITED,
YOU WOULD'VE RECEIVED
AN INVITATION."
CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT?
HE CAME BACK TO TELL ME
THAT HE'S INNOCENT
AND THAT HE DIDN'T HURT ALI.
HE'S LYING.
WE HAVE TO TELL
THE POLICE.
( ringing )
IT'S HANNA.
HEY.
HEY, HOW'S MY FRIEND MONA?
UH... SHE'S MONA.
WELL, I'M LEAVING
IN TEN,
AND IF "A's" WATCHING YOU,
I'LL BE WATCHING HER.
ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY?
ARIA, I WENT TO FAT CAMP
FOR FIVE SUMMERS.
I CAN HANDLE
SOME WOODS.
HANNA, LISTEN.
EMILY SAW TOBY.
HELLO?
GOD, SERVICE
OUT HERE SUCKS.
( ringing )
IT'S FROM "A."
"YOU FOUND MY BRACELET.
NOW COME FIND ME.
GOOD LUCK, BITCHES."
I THINK WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO GO TO WHERE WE FOUND
ALI'S BRACELET.
THAT WAS IN THE MIDDLE
OF NOWHERE.
ACTUALLY, IT WAS 15 STEPS
EAST OF THE HALF-POINT TREE,
WHICH IS 136 STEPS
FROM THE MAIN ROAD.
YOU'RE A FREAK,
AND I LOVE YOU.
EMILY, ARIA!
YOUR TURN TO GET BLOWN.
WELL, IT HAS TO LOOK LIKE
WE'RE HERE FOR THE PARTY,
SO, GO GLAMP, AND I'LL BE
BACK BEFORE IT GETS DARK.
( ringing )
IS IT "A"?
NO. UH, JUST MY MOM.
WOW.
SHUT UP.
WHAT HAPPENS
IF YOU TOUCH IT?
( chuckles )
DID YOU FIND ANYTHING?
( clears throat )
COME HERE.
GUYS, CHECK IT OUT.
IS JENNA TELLING US
THAT SHE'S "A"?
I DON'T THINK SO.
THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE.
"YOU'RE AS IN THE DARK
AS JENNA,
LOOKING FOR ME IN ALL
THE WRONG PLACES."
WELL, IF THIS IS
THE WRONG PLACE,
THEN WHAT'S
THE RIGHT PLACE?
( knocks )
HEY.
JUST WALKING HOME.
MAYBE YOU COULD GIVE ME A LIFT.
I'M NOT GOING HOME.
I-I'M LATE.
¶ YOU'RE ALWAYS BOUND
TO FALL ¶
¶ THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO ¶
¶ THE WEIGHT
OF GRAVITY BEGINS ¶
¶ TO PULL YOU DOWN AGAIN ¶
¶ SO WHAT ARE YOU
TO DO NOW ¶
( siren wails )
¶ STUCK BETWEEN THE HOPE
AND DOUBT ¶
¶ YOU GET SO CLOSE
TO CLARITY ¶
¶ MAKES YOU QUESTION
EVERYTHING ¶
¶ YOU'RE SO FAR AWAY ¶
¶ SO FAR AWAY FROM ME ¶
"YOU'RE LOOKING FOR ME
IN ALL THE WRONG PLACES."
"LOOKING FOR ME
HERE.
HEY, WHERE'S ARIA?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE HAVE TO GO
TO THE WRIGHT PLACE.
W-R-I-G-H-T.
WRIGHT'S PLAYGROUND!
( sighs )
Emily: I THINK YOU'RE
ACTUALLY ENJOYING THIS.
( chain squeaks )
Ezra: THANKS
FOR MEETING ME.
( clears throat )
I DON'T BLAME YOU
FOR BEING ANGRY.
I DESERVE IT.
I WAS A COWARD.
I SHOULD'VE FOUGHT
FOR YOU.
YEAH? WHY DIDN'T YOU?
I WAS LOOKING FOR ANOTHER JOB
SO I COULD LEAVE YOU, ARIA.
I WAS... LOOKING
FOR YOU.
I THOUGHT THAT
IF I RESIGNED
FROM ROSEWOOD,
WE'D HAVE A CHANCE.
THEN I SAW YOU
WITH NOEL.
( chuckles )
AND...
I DECIDED I WAS
BEING SELFISH,
AND IF YOU HAD
A CHANCE OF BEING HAPPY
WITHOUT ALL
THE COMPLICATIONS...
YOU REALLY ARE
A JERK, EZRA.
( scoffs ) YOU CAN'T
JUST GO AROUND DECIDING
HOW THINGS ARE
SUPPOSED TO WORK OUT.
I MEAN, YOU DON'T GET
TO CHOOSE HOW I FEEL.
LOOK, WHETHER YOU
BELIEVE ME OR NOT,
I HAVE ALWAYS
BEEN HONEST WITH YOU.
BUT YOU HIDING YOUR FEELINGS
FROM ME IS JUST LIKE LYING.
I WAS WRONG.
FORGIVE ME.
NO.
Forgive me.
MR. FITZ AND...
OH, MY GOD.
EMILY.
ALISON LOVES IAN?
( vibrating )
( tone plays )
( twig snaps )
( receding footsteps )
HANNA!
WE'RE OVER HERE.
WATCH OUT!
HANNA, LOOK!
( thud )
OH, MY GOD!
HANNA!
AAH!
HANNA, GET UP!
OH, MY GOD.
CALL 911!
THERE'S BEEN AN ACCIDENT!
WE'RE AT THE CAMP
ROSEWOOD PARKING LOT.
PLEASE HURRY!
SHE'S NOT BREATHING.
HANNA!
( ringtone playing )
PLEASE, NO!
"SHE KNEW TOO MUCH."
"A."
SOMEBODY!
( sobbing )
HANNA!
HELP!
HANNA! HANNA!
HANNA!
SOMEBODY!
HELP!
I KNOW YOU WANT
TO KISS ME.
( footsteps )
COME CLOSER.
( Alison chuckles )